How to Play and Survival Mechanics:
Try to survive for as long as you can!

.Every object beside the pond and the tree have health. Once its health goes to 0, it will spawn another one of that object somewhere on the map, and also its health is reset.

.To raise your 'food left', collect berries by walking to the bush, and pressing "e". After press "1" to eat them.

.To collect rocks, walk up and touch the rock, and then press "e".

.To raise your hydration walk into the pond, but watch your warmth. When in the pond your warmth will go down, and hydration will go up. The pond has no health so it is an infinite source of water.

.When the background goes gray, that means its night. It will start when time is 12, and end at 24. This will also lower you warmth.

.To raise your warmth, build a campfire by having 2 stones, and 2 wood, and then press 2. You must stand where you want it to appear. You can only have 1 campfire at once. After you have built one, it will last 30 seconds until you will need a new one.

.To get more wood faster build a axe. for this you need 7 stone, and 7 wood, then press "3" Then you can walk up to the pine tree, and press "e". this will give you 2 wood every press. The tree has no health so it is an infinite source of wood.

.At night, a zombie will appear (the green blob entity with deformed size eyes). He will slowly crawl toward you, and if he touches you you will loose health fast. To fight the zombie touch him and press 'e'. He has 7 health, so hit it seven times to kill it. Once you have killed it, a new one will spawn randomly on the map.

.To regain health, you will need to have the three stats warmth, hydration, and food left equal to 45 or greater. If health is equal or greater than 10 it will not go over ten.

.If warmth, hydration, or food left ever go to zero, your health will go down.

.If health is zero WASTED will appear and that means you are dead.

.A new stat radiation will go up 1 tick every second. If radiation reaches 70 your health will start going down by 1 every second. If radiation reaches 100, you will start losing 3 health every second. To find a rad-away walk around pressing 'i' (i is the inspection key). Once you are near the pack and press 'i', a rad-away will appear. Press e while touching the pack to collect it. Then you can press 4 to use 1 rad-away which will take away 90 radiation.





IF ANYONE KNOWS HOW TO FIX CHOPPY PERFORMANCE, (it is caused by the tick update function being so long) PLEEEEEASE TELL ME!!!!!!!



side notes:
.small bug fixes

Planned Updates:
(M416 to fight the zombie that will be found by using the inspection key)
(world island generator(sometimes will give you a ice biome or a beach biome or like a dessert biome))
(morph code not the arcade library)

Email basil.solovyev@gmail.com, or leave a issue on the "issue" section of Github if there are any bugs.